Add document for some porous flow tests. (#26241)
idaholab/moose: modules/porous_flow/doc/content/modules/porous_flow/tests/capillary_pressure/capillary_pressure_tests.md

# Capillary pressure test descriptions

> #### The detail documentation of the implementation of this code packet can be founded in [here](porous_flow/capillary_pressure.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The details of the capillary pressure curve implementations can be found in [here](porous_flow/capillary_pressure.md).
```

## Brooks-Corey

!media capillary_pressure/brook_corey.png style=width:100%;margin-left:10px; caption=Brooks-Corey Capillary Pressure test cases id=brookcoreyPc

> 

Reviewer: I would expect a better match here - can you double check the figure?

Reviewer: Also a typo in the heading of this figure

> The input file for log-extension off test:

Reviewer: Can you reword this to say that there are two test cases - with and without the log extension at low saturation's

!listing modules/porous_flow/test/tests/capillary_pressure/brooks_corey1.i

The input file for log-extension on test:

!listing modules/porous_flow/test/tests/capillary_pressure/brooks_corey2.i

## van Genuchten

!media capillary_pressure/vangen.png style=width:100%;margin-left:10px; caption=van Genuchten Capillary Pressure test cases id=vangenPc

> 

Reviewer: Maybe extend the x range to include 0 to show what happens? If the y axis gets too large, you could use a log scaling on that axis, or just limit the yrange

Reviewer: Also a typo in the plot heading - can you carefully check these?

Author: Can you have a look on this figure again for the analytical curve to see if it is correct?

> The input file for log-extension off test:

Reviewer: Similar to above, mention that there are three test cases here:
